Update info about customer support (#5620)
mailpoet/mailpoet: mailpoet/README.md

The **MailPoet** plugin.

> When looking for support please see the [Support](../SUPPORT.md) document.

Reviewer: Same here
```suggestion
If you have **any questions or need help or support**, please see the [Support](../SUPPORT.md) document.
```
